It's my compliments to all I'm renildo.
channel basin a and b tutorials
Today I came and I decided to do a tutorial
It's how you know if you have viruses in your
computer is not the total method but
still very much in the performance of its
computer because you know it exists
very malicious program that you
find positions in others and ignore
or computer in our programs ie
they start working to make it come to
ground for you an easy way but that
I also want you to know why it is
one is very dangerous you are one
windows component
so you have to be careful and fail
only as if above
You know, click the start button and
click here
when you will also get the synthesis
itec
Then you explain in which local machine
applies to who just pro is that software goes
Search for microsoft microsoft now
you look down there, you search and
search windows from windows
windows so that the im page is the
sick part and demand occurs the reverse
here you are running, you just go down and look for
common folder by folder is let's search
going on an apartment attack is on the
passion and ready
here will appear mine does not have why
I already delete his old one more when
Do you work?
when you get here the node that had the most
here you can exclude videos
cyclical and exclude I will not choose
here because it's a new haiti
you can not delete or avast
antivirus of yours but the one that had the most
you can delete and friends too if you
This is what I told you so
promise renew
you have to be careful because everything
here are the settings of the
windows you have to pay for anything here
can damage the im system
have to be very cautious names that you
find similar
It's laughing you do not know because it can be
one of the components that we have component
from im
it comes and colo colo is that who is this
that's just a little book on the internet at
system not knowing it so it is not
Good. You must have no name of yours.
partner system and when you get here on
bad folder there will appear what you have
May be deleted only leaves your
antivirus that you are viewing is
protect your computer and people
This was another life just like me.
I wanted to thank you all.
explain not forgot to mention a couple
Naive to my class life
I like it if you want to believe that kan
problem may be critical because
Critics, people are like me
an improvement of my knowing you
write it ok I'll perfect it
increasingly
I want to say to all of you and my
channel knows wife to you all
click search what I 'm not good and I
I'll get it
I'll answer to you for our
see you answered you I mean more
for you that I am I for you
Thank you very much and see you next time.